Rewrite Log and Observability (#1830)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/observability/tracer.md

# Log Trace

> EMQX 5.0 provides the Log Trace feature, allowing users to enable real-time debug-level log outputs for specific client IDs, topics or IP addresses. Usually, debug-level logging is not enabled in the production environment, because the number of generated logs may affect the system performance. With the Log Trace feature implemented, it is feasible to provide the most detailed debug information even with intensive connecting and messaging services running. This significantly increases the efficiency of debugging and diagnosing issues in EMQX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EMQX 5.0 introduces the Log Trace feature, enabling real-time debug-level log outputs for specific client IDs, topics, or IP addresses. This allows detailed debugging in production environments without affecting system performance due to excessive logs, increasing the efficiency of diagnosing and resolving EMQX issues.
```

### Trace by Topics

1. Select `Topic` from the drop-down list of **Type**.

2. Type the topic to be traced. Wildcard characters are supported.

3. Select the start and end time. If the start time is earlier than or the same as the current time, it will start from the current time.

   <img src="./assets/create-trace-topic-ee.png" alt="create-trace-topic-ee" style="zoom:67%;" />

4. Click **Create**. You can see the trace record after successful creation. You can view it or choose to download the log. The log contains information about publishing, subscription and unsubscription of the current topic.

### Trace by IP Address

1. Select `IP Addess` from the drop-down list of **Type**.

2. Type the IP address to be traced.

3. Select the start and end time. If the start time is earlier than or the same as the current time, it will start from the current time.

   <img src="./assets/create-trace-ip-ee.png" alt="create-trace-ip-ee" style="zoom:67%;" />

4. Click **Create**. You can see the trace record after successful creation. You can view it or choose to download the log. The log contains the current IP interaction with the EMQX connection.

## View Log Trace 

> The created trace records will be listed. You can create up to 30 traced logs. The log file size viewed in the list is the sum of the uncompressed file sizes. You can click the **Stop** button to stop logging manually or wait until the end time to stop automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The created trace records will be listed. You can create up to 30 traced logs. The log file size viewed in the list is the sum of the uncompressed file sizes. You can click the **Stop** button to stop logging manually or wait until the specified end time.
```

<img src="./assets/log-trace-list-ee.png" alt="log-trace-list-ee" style="zoom:67%;" />

Click a specific trace record by the name, you can select to download the log on different nodes. 

> Trace logs can generate a maximum of 512MB logs per node. If the generated log file reaches the maximum, it will stop appending logs and give an alert in the main log file. If the Dashboard download timeout, you can find the log file directly on the server's data/trace.

Reviewer: If the Dashboard download timeout, you can find the log file directly on the server's data/trace. 这句话不是太理解 @wivwiv @Meggielqk

Author: 我根据中文的意思改了一下英文，请见最新的commit @wivwiv @LenaLenaPan
